hi there I'm chef Eric Crowley owner of
the culinary classroom in West Los
Angeles and today I'm going to show you
how to make a smoked salmon Eggs
Benedict
this also has different titles like a
Norwegian eggs benedict or eggs Montreal
what we are going to need is some
hollandaise sauce a video of which you
can see elsewhere on mahalo comm also
some poached eggs you can also see that
video elsewhere at Malo we have some
posted English muffins some smoked
salmon Norwegian pence Norwegian Eggs
Benedict
room temperature is absolutely fine
we're gonna start off with our eggs
after we wind up poaching them and we
shock them in ice water and drain them
we're gonna reheat them and we can
actually use the same water that we use
to make our hollandaise sauce with so I
take my poached eggs I'm gonna slide
them into my barely simmering water and
they only need to sit in there for about
30 seconds or 45 seconds we're really
just looking for the eggs bein there
long enough to warm them up and take the
chill off we don't want to cook them any
more so it's really important that after
the eggs come out of the water we have a
trade that has some paper towels in it
because we need to actually block the
eggs dry if you wind up kicking the eggs
out of the water and start to assemble
your eggs Montreal or your smoked salmon
Benedict when the hollandaise sauce gets
onto the wet eggs is just gonna wind up
diluting the sauce and getting it to run
all over so eggs have been in the water
long enough lift them on out get them on
some paper toweling
you know blot them dry
but our smoked salmon on our toasted
English muffin
follow it up with the egg
then last but not least our hollandaise
a really nice change of pace from a
classic Eggs Benedict
the Easter is coming up this would be a
wonderful brunch dish you could easily
do many steps way ahead of time you can
poach the eggs ahead of time toast the
English muffins the smoked salmon only
needs to be room temperature make your
hollandaise at the last minute and that
is a classic brunch dish
smoked salmon eggs benedict or eggs
Montreal thanks again for watching be
sure to subscribe so you can get some
additional information if there's a
recipe that you would like to see me
make feel free to send an email to
requests at Mahalo com thanks again and
I'll see you soon